what's up to on my chicken grease
junkies out there in YouTube land this
is fast should we serve anyone coming at
you from the new chicken grease garage
what's cracking with everybody it's
Sunday beautiful day today in Chicago
it's a nice beautiful day it's 50
degrees very freakish weather for
Chicago at this time in a year usually
we have snow on the ground but yes it is
really really nice outside that's kind
of tripping me out but enough with a
weather report
this is gonna be an update video on my
rx-3 that I'm working on back here I've
been doing a couple of things to it
since the last video I did so I'm gonna
turn this camera around so I'll be right
back
hey guys I'm back and yes I have a mess
here I've been working on this thing
little by little you know for the past
couple days since I've had a few days
off from work I got a big mess here you
know how it is when you're building you
got messes everywhere uh but this is
what the Mazda is looking like this is
the rear end and that's how it's looking
from the back end really really nice I'm
loving the way this cars coming out the
wheelie bars like I said the wheelie
bars they were on this car well this the
the donor car was using the wheelie bars
were only coming up to here and his
wheelie bars were all way out here so I
had to make all this as you can see I
had to make all of that this is just in
mock-up stage so things are a little
crooked right now but for the most part
yes that's how it's supposed to look
it's coming along very nicely a lot of
work is going into this thing a lot of
work the tires are touching the water
the wheel wells on the bottom but that's
nothing because I can tweak that a
little bit
I can tuck them in a little bit more
like I said this is just in its mock-up
stage I'm gonna take this apart because
I have made the Volk age for this car
trying to try to do this with one hand
okay see as you can see here's all the
work I did to that wheelie bar in the
back all that is scratch build
everything that's in white I made
everything that's in white is stuff that
I've done to this car I'm gonna see if I
can do this one hand which is kind of
hard bear with me I don't have my I
don't have my camera person here which
is real Annie she's she's at her house
so I have to do this by myself
sorry about the finger no this is what
I've made as the chassis oh my god I
can't do this
oh my god there is the roll cage there's
a lot going on with this roll cage a lot
he doesn't have a dashboard in his car
he just has a rail running across it has
a cluster sitting on the driver's side
with all the gauges his steering wheel
and the shifters and everything his car
is very straight to the point
very very very straight to the point all
roll cage and a lot of stuff has been
eliminated from the inside of that car
so I saw the car very closely and I have
a lot of reference pictures I'm trying
to get the the roll cage as close as
possible with his car
I made the firewall
if you can see that there goes it's not
funky right there okay I made the
firewall I'm going to make a cluster
cluster style gauge set up so I can set
up all the gauges and then I gotta run a
steering column and everything and then
the seat I'm gonna use this is the seat
I'm going to use now let's say I order
me a racing seat that looks more similar
to the racing seat that he has in his
car but this is all I got right now so
I'm gonna see if I can find me a nicer
racing seat a higher racing seat it's
it's higher and then it's more you know
covered on the sides but this is what I
got so far it's coming along really
nicely like I said everything that it's
in white is made by me this right here
is actually to hold on to the back of
the car there's some little tabs I don't
know if you can see those little tabs
back there those tabs right there is
where this is gonna be sitting these
little notches here that's where it's
gonna slide into so the body doesn't
doesn't drop out but that's what I have
so far and here is the front clip which
I've been working on a little by little
it's coming along nicely very slow
because I'm very may I have very minimal
time to work on this so whatever time I
have I'm taking a bandage of it and now
working on this car so that's what I
have so far the gas cap the gas little
gas door for the gas that's gonna get
covered up because he doesn't have one
on his car he has a fuel cell so this is
all gonna be sent this is already been
puddi and I gotta sand it down some more
and when I get to painting it you won't
see that door anymore the rear wing is
also something I made
just like his car this real wing is just
like that yeah that's what I've been
working on with this car the Nova the 66
Nova is in a box somewhere I don't
remember which box it's in but I got to
look for and that's another card that
I'm working on
little by little you know to see you
know see if I can get it finished before
you know the end of the year but I don't
know if that's gonna happen anytime soon
because you know I'm barely I got very
minimal time but this is what I have so
I hope these guys like what you see and
you like the project and you like the
progress of what's going on here
well until next time my brothers this is
extremely 71 I'm gonna have fun the
chicken grease derive staying in pace
and you know what chicken grease laters